maintain a long-term debt status. I
just mentioned this group of people  It accounts for a
considerable proportion of the entire society.
Once the interest compounding model is started, the
bank's income can be terrifyingly
considerable. How terrifying is it?
Let's make an assumption first.
Suppose you swipe your card to buy an
Apple Vision Pro worth 27,000 yuan.
From the day you consume it, you are already borrowing money from the bank.
As long as you pay late
or only pay the minimum repayment every month,
what are the consequences? Interest
has been accrued since the date of transaction.
If it continues to compound day after day,
interest on interest must also be calculated.
Within a few years, the
interest you pay will be more than the
amount you actually swipe the card.
Looking at this HSBC credit card counter, it
will be clear.
Using 27,000 yuan to
buy an Apple Vision Pro,
as long as you pay the minimum repayment, it will take 14 years to
pay off the amount. The